Dev update docs (#16)
revisit-studies/reVISit-studies.github.io: tutorials.md

When you visit the site, you'll be greeted with a list of pre-constructed demo studies. You can interact with any of these studies to get some familiarity (and hopefully some inspiration) for how reVISit can help you quickly launch a crowd-sourced visualization study.

<h1 class='tutorial-page'>Tutorials</h1>

## Setting up a basic questionnaire study

Let's start with setting up a simple questionnaire study.

<div class='info-panel'>
    <div class="info-text">
        It is easiest to perform the following tutorial with an IDE. We suggest something like VSCode since it has JSON autocomplete.
    </div>
</div>

You’ll see that the repository consists of many high level directories. For this tutorial, we will solely be working with the “public” directory. Start by making a new directory called “basic-questionnaire-study” in the "public" directory. Inside this folder, create another directory called "assets". The assets directory will be where all of our various components are held.

Once that is done, we will make an “introduction” markdown file. This will be used as the introduction to the study for your users.

Create a file with the following contents:

> <pre><code class="language-markdown"># Introduction

Reviewer: Can we use ``` code block instead of html ones?

Author: yes, actually. There are some nuances where this isn't possible (like if this was already wrapped in an "info-panel" div tag), but here we can change this.

Author: Edit: I was wrong. When using ```markdown``` , for some reason it was not detecting that it was markdown and instead thinking that it was CSS. This was a simple way to override that using highlight.js clases.

                    "location": "belowStimulus",
                    "type": "iframe"
                }
            ],
            "path": "basic-questionnaire-study/assets/bar-chart.html",
            "instructionLocation": "aboveStimulus"
        
        }
    }
```
This creates a component that new components can be based off of. Each component using the “bar-chart” as the value to the “baseComponent” key will now automatically have the above key-value pairs included. In other words, there is no need to specify the type, response, path, or instruction location when creating these next components.

In the components section, add the following objects:

``` JSON
...
"bar-chart-1":{
    "baseComponent": "bar-chart",
    "description": "A trial for the user to click the largest bar",
    "instruction": "Click on the largest bar",
    "parameters": {
        "barData": [0.32, 0.01, 1.2, 1.3, 0.82, 0.4, 0.3]
    }
},
"bar-chart-2":{
    "baseComponent": "bar-chart",
    "description": "A trial for the user to click the smallest bar",
    "instruction": "Click on the smallest bar",
    "parameters": {
        "barData": [1.2, 1.2, 1.2, 1.3, 0.82, 0.4, 0.3]
    }
}
...

> 
> 
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

The "parameters" key is a dynamically valued key which is used to pass data to your components. When you add the "parameters" key, any data contained within the objet will be sent via the event bus as a message to the component. Since we designed the HTML above to listen for this message, we were able to parse these parameters and use them as variables to control the sizes of the various bar charts. 

To finish this tutorial, add these two components ("bar-chart-1" and "bar-chart-2" to the sequence in config.json). 

<div class='info-panel' type='warning'>
    <div class="info-text">
        In order for reVISit to properly identify users without a server and/or an authentication process, it relies on caching the data for a user in that user's browser. Because of this, the new configuration can only be seen when the user clears their browser cache. Whenever you make an update to the configuration file, make sure to clear your cache so that you can view the updated study
    </div>
</div>

<h1 class='tutorial-page'>How-To-Guides</h1>

## Connecting to Firebase

> reVISit is inherently a serverless program. Because of this, we set up a storage engine in order to store the data that is gathered from users as they move through the study. While you can test the program locally without any storage, you will need to set up some sort of storage in order for users that are interacting with the study so that the data can be gathered. Our intention is that those who create the study have full control over the data that is generated by participants -- no data is ever linked back to the reVISit repository or those who have contributed to its creation. See the <a href="#deploying-to-a-static-website">Deployment</a> section for more information about deploying your study to Github.io once the connection to Firebase has been set up. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reVISit is inherently a serverless program. Because of this, we set up a storage engine in order to store the data that is gathered from users as they move through the study. While you can test the program locally without any storage, you will need to set up some sort of storage in order to save study participant data. Our intention is that those who create the study have full control over the data that is generated by participants -- no data is ever linked back to the reVISit repository or those who have contributed to its creation. See the <a href="#deploying-to-a-static-website">Deployment</a> section for more information about deploying your study to GitHub.io once the connection to Firebase has been set up. 
```

![Revisit teaser image showing revisit workflow]({{ path }}revisit-overview.png)

In the tutorials section, we'll walk you through a simple example to create your first study with reVISit! 

## The ReVISit DSL

The ReVISit framework uses a declarative DSL (Domain Specific Language) for specifying visualization experiments. The configuration file uses JSON format which compiles into the ReVISit platform. In the following tutorials, you will see how we configure a visualization experiment using the ReVISit DSL.

## Environment Setup

The ReVISit frameworks provides an environment that allows researchers to build web-based visualization user studies by cloning/forking a github repository. Users can then customize the properties of a configuration file which allows for the specification of desired study components (e.g. consent, training, practice, trials, stimuli and survey).

> 

Reviewer: Test comment for 5 lines

![Revisit teaser image showing revisit workflow]({{ path }}revisit-overview.png)

In the tutorials section, we'll walk you through a simple example to create your first study with reVISit! 

## The ReVISit DSL

The ReVISit framework uses a declarative DSL (Domain Specific Language) for specifying visualization experiments. The configuration file uses JSON format which compiles into the ReVISit platform. In the following tutorials, you will see how we configure a visualization experiment using the ReVISit DSL.

## Environment Setup

The ReVISit frameworks provides an environment that allows researchers to build web-based visualization user studies by cloning/forking a github repository. Users can then customize the properties of a configuration file which allows for the specification of desired study components (e.g. consent, training, practice, trials, stimuli and survey).

<h1 class='tutorial-page'>Installation</h1>

> The reVisit project is open-source – meaning anyone can see the entire codebase. Most of the work that is done to create a new study is done by making changes to this codebase. Because of this, we will start by “forking the repository”.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reVISit project is open-source – meaning anyone can see the entire codebase. Most of the work that is done to create a new study is done by making changes to this codebase. Because of this, we will start by “forking the repository”.
```

Start by navigating to the following github repository: https://github.com/revisit-studies/study

> You should see a “fork” button on the same row as the name of the repository. When you fork a repository, you are essentially creating your own copy of the repository in your GitHub account. This means that any changes you commit and push to this new repository will not affect the main source code. Instead, your organization will be able to have a central location for all of your personal studies. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should see a “fork” button on the same row as the name of the repository. When you fork a repository, you are essentially creating your own copy of the repository in your GitHub account. This means that any changes you commit and push to this new repository will not affect the main source code. Instead, you or your organization will be able to have a central location for all of your studies. 
```

> Once you fork the repository, you will be prompted for some basic information about this repository (such as the desired name). After this, you’ll need to clone the repository onto your local machine.

Reviewer: This is a bit brief

Author: Fixed in commit [ecf3ca4](https://github.com/revisit-studies/reVISit-studies.github.io/pull/16/commits/ecf3ca41b9d29dca8f742f327b7b8baa8860706d)

After the repository is on your local machine, you will have the entire codebase for your personal use. Any changes that you make to this repository can be committed and then pushed to your forked repository for other users in your organization to see.

To continue, you will need yarn installed. If you already have yarn installed, you can skip to Step 2 below. Otherwise, proceed with Step 1. 

<div class="info-panel">
    <div class="info-text">Note that this requires that you have the package manager NPM installed. If you do not have NPM installed, please see <a href="https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm" targe="_blank">here</a> to get started. These docs will also direct you on how to install Node -- a prerequisite of NPM.</div>
</div>

<br>
<br>

**Step 1: Install yarn on your local computer using NPM:**

	npm i -g yarn

<br>

**Step 2: Once yarn is successfully installed, navigate to your forked repository and run the following yarn command:**
	
	yarn install

This will install all the packages that the reVisit requires to run.

<br>

> **Step 3: . Once this is finished, you can now start the program:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 3: Once this is finished, you can now start the program:**
```

	yarn serve

> This will launch a local server which can be accessed to view and interact with reVisit. By default, you can access this by visiting http://localhost:8080/. Any change you make to the existing codebase will automatically update the front end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will launch a local server which can be accessed to view and interact with reVISit. By default, you can access this by visiting http://localhost:8080/. Any change you make to the existing codebase will automatically update the front end.
```

When you visit the site, you'll be greeted with a list of pre-constructed demo studies. You can interact with any of these studies to get some familiarity (and hopefully some inspiration) for how reVISit can help you quickly launch a crowd-sourced visualization study.

<h1 class='tutorial-page'>Tutorials</h1>

## Setting up a basic questionnaire study

Let's start with setting up a simple questionnaire study.

<div class='info-panel'>
    <div class="info-text">

>         It is easiest to perform the following tutorial with an IDE. We suggest something like VSCode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        It is easiest to perform the following tutorial with an IDE. We suggest something like VSCode since it has JSON autocomplete.
```

``` markdown
# Help

This is a questionnaire. For each question, be sure to provide and answer and then click **Next** when you’re ready to move onto the next question.

```
Save this file as “help.md” in the “basic-questionnaire-study/assets” directory.

Now we are ready to create the configuration file for the study. This configuration defines how our study is laid out, provides some basic information about yourself (the creator), and describes which components will be added to the study. 

Create a new file called “config.json”. Then, copy and paste the following json into the new file.

``` json
{
    "$schema": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/reVISit-studies/study/main/src/parser/StudyConfigSchema.json",
    "studyMetadata": {
        "title": "Basic Questionnaire Study",
        "version": "pilot",
        "authors": [
            "The reVISit Team"
        ],
        "date": "2024-03-19",
        "description": "A simple questionnaire study",
        "organizations": [
            "University of Utah",
            "WPI",
            "University of Toronto"
        ]
    },
    "uiConfig": {
        "contactEmail": "test@test.com",

>         "helpTextPath": "basic-questionnaire-study/help.md",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "helpTextPath": "basic-questionnaire-study/assets/help.md",
```

>         "logoPath": "assets/revisitLogoSquare.svg",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "logoPath": "revisitAssets/revisitLogoSquare.svg",
```

        "withProgressBar": true,
        "autoDownloadStudy": false,
        "sidebar": true
    },
    "components": {
        "introduction": {
            "type": "markdown",

>             "path": "basic-questionnaire-study/introduction.md",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "path": "basic-questionnaire-study/assets/introduction.md",
```

            "response": []
        },
        "first-question-set":{
            "type":"questionnaire",
            "response":[
                {
                    "id":"q1",
                    "prompt":"What is your first name?",
                    "required":true,
                    "location":"aboveStimulus",
                    "type":"longText",

>                     "placeholder": "Please enter your first name"
> 
>                 },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    "placeholder": "Please enter your first name"
                },
```

                    "type":"numerical",
                    "min":0,
                    "max":5
                }
            ]
        }
    },
    "sequence": {
        "order": "fixed",
        "components": [
            "introduction",
            "first-question-set",
            "second-question-set"
        ]
    }
}

```
Save this file in the “basic-questionnaire-study” directory -- one level above the "basic-questionnaire-study/assets" directory.

Now, our study is almost set up to view. The last step is to make sure that the “global.json” file is set to find this new study. Open the "global.json" file in the "public" directory.

Add the following code to the “configs” object:

``` JSON
“basic-questionnaire-study”:{
	“path”:”basic-questionnaire-study/config.json”
}
```
After this, add “basic-questionnaire-study” into the “configsList” list in the same file. It does not matter where "basic-questionnaire-study" appears in the configs list. Because the configs list is ordered, however, placing "basic-questionnaire-study" at the bottom of the list will mean that the study will show up at the bottom of the list of studies in the UI.

> Now, if you start the server (using `yarn serve` as described in the Installation section), you'll be able to navigate to "http://localhost:8080/" and view your study in the list of studies. Alternatively, you can navigate to "http://localhost:8080/basic-questionnaire-study" to enter the study directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, if you start the server (using `yarn serve` as described in the <a href="#installation">Installation</a> section), you'll be able to navigate to "http://localhost:8080/" and view your study in the list of studies. Alternatively, you can navigate to "http://localhost:8080/basic-questionnaire-study" to enter the study directly.
```

## Adding custom HTML to your Study

Now, we will take the study we just created and add another component based on a user-created HTML file. This allows for some additional customization of the component. 

> The HTML code below uses the extensive D3.js library. It renders a simple, horizontal bar chart. Copy and paste this HTML into a document called “bar-chart.html” in the “basic-questionnaire-study” directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HTML code below uses the extensive D3.js library. It renders a simple, horizontal bar chart. Copy and paste this HTML into a document called “bar-chart.html” in the “basic-questionnaire-study/assets” directory.
```

Furthermore, you’ll see that we have also created an “onClick” function and attached it to each of the bars in the bar graph. This click function uses the “Revisit.postAnswers” method to send information back to reVISit. 

Now that we have this HTML document in our study directory, we are ready to adjust our “config.json” file to account for these new components.

In your “config.json” document, create new new key called “baseComponents” as a sibling to the keys “uiConfig”, “components”, “sequence”, etc. In this newly created key, paste the code below:

``` JSON
    "baseComponents":{
        "bar-chart":{
            "type": "website",
            "response": [
                {
                    "id": "barChart",
                    "prompt": "Your selected answer:",
                    "required": true,
                    "location": "belowStimulus",
                    "type": "iframe"
                }
            ],

>             "path": "basic-questionnaire-study/bar-chart.html",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "path": "basic-questionnaire-study/assets/bar-chart.html",
```

    "instruction": "Click on the smallest bar",
    "parameters":{
        "barData":[1.2, 1.2, 1.2, 1.3, 0.82, 0.4, 0.3]
    }
}
...

```
The "parameters" key is a dynamically valued key which is used to pass data to your components. When you add the "parameters" key, any data contained within the objet will be sent via the event bus as a message to the component. Since we designed the HTML above to listen for this message, we were able to parse these parameters and use them as variables to control the sizes of the various bar charts. 

To finish this tutorial, add these two components ("bar-chart-1" and "bar-chart-2" to the sequence in config.json). 

<div class='info-panel' type='warning'>
    <div class="info-text">
        In order for reVISit to properly identify users without a server and/or an authentication process, it relies on caching the data for a user in that user's browser. Because of this, the new configuration can only be seen when the user clears their browser cache. Whenever you make an update to the configuration file, make sure to clear your cache so that you can view the updated study
    </div>

> </div>

Reviewer: Can we make an issue to delete this once it works as it should?

Author: Made the issue: https://github.com/revisit-studies/reVISit-studies.github.io/issues/17

<h1 class='tutorial-page'>How-To-Guides</h1>

## Connecting to Firebase

> reVISit is inherently a serverless program. Because of this, we set up a storage engine in order to store the data that is gathered from users as they move through the study. While you can test the program locally without any storage, you will need to set up some sort of storage in order for users that are interacting with the study so that the data can be gathered. Our intention is that those who create the study have full control over the data that is generated by participants -- no data is ever linked back to the reVISit repository or those who have contributed to its creation.

Reviewer: We should mention the word "deploy" here and link it to some general deployment section

Author: Fixed in commit [082bf1d](https://github.com/revisit-studies/reVISit-studies.github.io/pull/16/commits/082bf1dc3dad2ecdf62913ce47383b488cf7de2b)

<img src="{{ path }}firebase_steps/step10.jpg" alt="Console" style="border: 2px solid black; border-radius: 5px;">

> With the app set up, we are ready to copy over the app configuration to your revisit project. In image below you will see a JSON object denoted as `const firebase = { ... }`. 

Reviewer: ``` suggestion
With the app set up, we are ready to copy over the app configuration to your revisit project. In the image below you will see a JSON object denoted as `const firebase = { ... }`.
```

<img src="{{ path }}firebase_steps/step19.jpg" alt="Console" style="border: 2px solid black; border-radius: 5px;">

> The important part here is filling out the domains that you will allow to access the firebase database. Add localhost and 127.0.0.1 to test your survey on your local server. 

Reviewer: ``` suggestion
The important part here is filling out the domains that you will allow to access the firebase database. Add localhost and 127.0.0.1 to test your survey on your local machine.
```

<div class="info-panel">
<div class="info-text">If you are planning on hosting this externally (such as using GitHub pages), you need to also enter the base URL for your website. For the Github pages deployment, you should enter your base github pages url (i.e. <code>&lt;username&gt;.github.io</code>).
</div>
</div>

<img src="{{ path }}firebase_steps/step20.jpg" alt="Console" style="border: 2px solid black; border-radius: 5px;">

> You should now see a SITE KEY and a SECRET Key. First, copy the secret key and paste it back into the Firebase re-captcha page as shown in the following images.

Reviewer: KEY and Key, we should be consistent

<img src="{{ path }}firebase_steps/step21.jpg" alt="Console" style="border: 2px solid black; border-radius: 5px;">

<img src="{{ path }}firebase_steps/step22.jpg" alt="Console" style="border: 2px solid black; border-radius: 5px;">

> Now, copy the SITE key. That site should now go back into your `.env` file for the variable `VITE_RECAPTCHAV3TOEKN`. 

Reviewer: key, here. Should be consistent with above

<img src="{{ path }}firebase_steps/step25.jpg" alt="Console" style="border: 2px solid black; border-radius: 5px;">

### Allowing for CORS requests

Once that is finished, we'll have to use Google's `gsutil` function in the terminal to set up a CORS policy so that the application can communicate with Firebase storage. Follow <a href="https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/gsutil_install" targe="_blank">these steps on how to install gsutil on your local machine</a>.

After installing gsutil, you need to navigate to the `google-cloud-sdk/bin` folder on your local machine. Create a new file called "cors.json" with the following contents:

``` JSON
[
  {
    "origin": ["*"],
    "method": ["GET"],
    "maxAgeSeconds": 3600
  }
]
```

Lastly, while still inside this same directory, call the following function:

``` shell
gsutil cors set cors.json gs://<your-cloud-storage-bucket>
```
You can find the link for the storage bucket by navigating to the "storage" product in Firebase. 

<img src="{{ path }}firebase_steps/gsutil_step1.jpg" alt="Console" style="border: 2px solid black; border-radius: 5px;">

> The last step is to enable firebase storage. Open up the `.env` file in the root of the repository. Change the `VITE_STORAGE_ENGINE variable to "firebase". Now you can call `yarn serve` to launch the server and navigate to http://localhost:8080 to launch any demo study. All data from any participation will automatically be uploaded to the store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last step is to enable firebase storage. Open up the `.env` file in the root of the repository. Change the `VITE_STORAGE_ENGINE variable to "firebase". Now you can call `yarn serve` to launch the server and navigate to http://localhost:8080 to launch any demo study. All data from any participation will automatically be uploaded to the store. Note: when running `yarn build`, reVISit automatically uses the firebase storage engine.
```

<img src="{{ path }}demo.png" alt="Demo" style="border: 2px solid black; border-radius: 5px;">

> ## Deploying to a static website

Reviewer: This is missing some steps. We need to walk a study designer through how to enable GitHub pages for their forked repo. It's only a couple of steps, but will confuse people if it's absent

> Deploying your study should be relatively simple. We include a GitHub action that will build your study and deploy it to GitHub pages. The only item that the user must adjust is in the `.env` file in the root of the repository. At the top of this file, you should see `VITE_BASE_PATH="/study/"`. Change the "/study/" prortion to "/<repo-name>/".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploying your study should be relatively simple. We include a GitHub action that will build your study and deploy it to GitHub pages. The only item that the user must adjust is in the `.env` file in the root of the repository. At the top of this file, you should see `VITE_BASE_PATH="/study/"`. Change "/study/" to "/<repo-name>/".
```

<img src="{{ path }}userdata_step3.jpg" alt="Console" style="border: 2px solid black; border-radius: 5px;">

<div class='info-panel' type='warning'>
    <div class="info-text">
    Currently, only JSON data is able to be exported by reVISit. We have plans to support Tidy CSV in the near future. 
    </div>
</div>
The JSON file is a nested file that contains all of the data for all of the participants in your study. It is structured as a list. Each element refers to a participants data or a configuration. While in many cases there is only one configuration per study, the study creator is allowed to change the configuration file after the study has already been completed by other participants. The data for each participant will have a "participantConfigHash" which refers to a particular configuration which is also in this list. 

Below we have an example of a participants data.
``` JSON
[
    {
        "participantId": <UUID4>,
        "participantConfigHash": <CONFIG_ID>,
        "sequence": {
            ...
        },
        "answers": {
            ...
        },
        "searchParameters": {
            ...
        }
    }
]
```

> Each key in answer will be labeled the same as the component that it refers to. The sequence is the given sequence that the user saw all components (since these may be different for each participant if the configuration sequence was set to be random). This answer wil contain information such as the start time, the end time, and all of the window events. See the example below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each key in answer will be labeled the same as the response component that it refers to. The sequence shows the order that the participant saw each component (since these may be different for each participant if the configuration sequence has some randomization). This answer wil contain information such as the start time, the end time, and all of the window events. See the example below.
```

```JSON
     "bar-chart-1_1": {
        "answer": {
          "barChart": [
            1.3
          ]
        },
        "startTime": 1711641174858,
        "endTime": 1711641178836,
        "windowEvents": [
          [
            1711641174878,
            "mousedown",
            [ 1843, 286 ]
          ],
          [
            1711641174878,
            "focus",
            "BUTTON"
          ],
        [
            1711641174935,
            "mouseup",
            [ 1843, 286 ]
          ],
          .
          .
          .
          [
            1711641178706,
            "mousemove",
            [ 1868, 728 ]
          ]
        ]
      }
```

> All times are in **epoch milliseconds**. We can see at a high level that we are given the answer that the user submitted, the start time for the component, and the end time. In addition to this, we have a list of window events. Each item in the window event is given a time, a position an event name, and a position on the screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All times are in **epoch milliseconds**. We can see at a high level that we are given the answer that the user submitted, the start time for the component, and the end time. In addition to this, we have a list of window events. Each item in the window event is given a time, a position an event name, and some extra information for the event (for mouse events, this is the location).
```

> <!-- The JSON file is useful if you want to do more complex analysis of your data
> Since reVISit uses Firebase as its data store, you can use the Firebase console to download your data. Additionally, we provide the ability to manually download your data from the study ending page. There are options to download the data as a CSV or JSON file. The CSV file is a flat file that contains all of the data for all of the participants in your study. The JSON file is a nested file that contains all of the data for all of the participants in your study. The JSON file is useful if you want to do more complex analysis of your data, but the CSV file is useful if you want to import your data into a spreadsheet program like Excel or Google Sheets. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

<img src="{{ path }}firebase_steps/step24.jpg" alt="Console" style="border: 2px solid black; border-radius: 5px;">
<img src="{{ path }}firebase_steps/step25.jpg" alt="Console" style="border: 2px solid black; border-radius: 5px;">

### Allowing for CORS requests

> Once that is finished, we'll have to use Google's `gsutil` function in the terminal to set up a CORS policy so that the application can communicate with Firebase storage. Follow <a href="https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/gsutil_install" targe="_blank">these steps on how to install gsutil on your local machine</a>.

Reviewer: Is gsutil still the best way?

Author: I looked into this and found that this is the only way unfortunately:
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/75514990/why-cant-i-set-a-cors-policy-to-my-firebase-storage-bucket-through-the-google-c

After installing gsutil, you need to navigate to the `google-cloud-sdk/bin` folder on your local machine. Create a new file called "cors.json" with the following contents:

``` JSON
[
  {
    "origin": ["*"],
    "method": ["GET"],
    "maxAgeSeconds": 3600
  }
]
```

Lastly, while still inside this same directory, call the following function:

``` shell
gsutil cors set cors.json gs://<your-cloud-storage-bucket>
```
You can find the link for the storage bucket by navigating to the "storage" product in Firebase. 

<img src="{{ path }}firebase_steps/gsutil_step1.jpg" alt="Console" style="border: 2px solid black; border-radius: 5px;">

> Now you can navigate to http://localhost:8080 and launch any demo study. All data from any participation will automatically be uploaded to the store.

Reviewer: A study designer would need to change the `.env` file, too

Author: Fixed in commit [082bf1d](https://github.com/revisit-studies/reVISit-studies.github.io/pull/16/commits/082bf1dc3dad2ecdf62913ce47383b488cf7de2b)

<img src="{{ path }}demo.png" alt="Demo" style="border: 2px solid black; border-radius: 5px;">

## Deploying to a static website

> Deploying your study should be relatively simple. We include a GitHub action that will build your study and deploy it to GitHub pages. Once your configuration is built, you need only push your changes to GitHub and the action will run. This means that developing the studies and iterating their design is easy. If you find something doesn't work in a pilot version of the study, you can change it out, push and the new version will be deployed in a matter of minutes. By default, GitHub pages will deploy to a URL like `https://<username>.github.io/<repository-name>`. If you want to deploy to a custom domain, you can do that as well by following the instructions on [GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/pages/configuring-a-custom-domain-for-your-github-pages-site/managing-a-custom-domain-for-your-github-pages-site).

Reviewer: This is missing information about the `PUBLIC_PATH` variable, which needs to be set to `/<repo-name>/`

Author: Let's talk about this. I moved information from the previous section but hadn't had a chance to look this over.

Author: Fixed in commit [8ad4bdc](https://github.com/revisit-studies/reVISit-studies.github.io/pull/16/commits/8ad4bdceafd10cb09f3bb6d545a069e7325e115a)

## Downloading User Data

> Since reVISit uses Firebase as its data store, you can use the Firebase console to download your data. Additionally, we provide the ability to manually download your data from the study ending page. There are options to download the data as a CSV or JSON file. The CSV file is a flat file that contains all of the data for all of the participants in your study. The JSON file is a nested file that contains all of the data for all of the participants in your study. The JSON file is useful if you want to do more complex analysis of your data, but the CSV file is useful if you want to import your data into a spreadsheet program like Excel or Google Sheets.

Reviewer: Let's push people away from manually interacting with firebase/etc.

Reviewer: This will change as we fix up the tidy downloader, and the download participants buttons. So we can leave as is for now, but maybe we should open up an issue

Author: Yeah, let's walk through together how it currently can be done without interacting with Firebase and I can update this portion.

Author: Fixed in commit [608c429](https://github.com/revisit-studies/reVISit-studies.github.io/pull/16/commits/608c429a1b6b1995732e4dbfed64040f145de7f4)
